Office of Enforcement and Compliance AssuranceIntegrated Compliance Information SystemLimit Sets Technical Specification12/21/2016
Document Change HistoryVersion NumberDateDescription1.0September 30, 2004Initial Release1.1February 25, 2005Updates based on DRs #1101 and 11021.2April 27, 2005Updates based on DRs #1152 and 11541.3May 2, 2006Updates based on DR 13141.4May 25, 2006Updates based on CR 12381.4May 25, 2006Update based on CR 12461.5April 10, 2007Updated based on DR 53001.6January 8, 2009Updated based on DR 65381.7December 31, 2009Updated based on DRs 7050 and 6976; also removed batch only use case LS111.8May 24, 2010Updated based on DR 74291.9December 21, 2016EP-713: Updated for asynchronous processing* LS03A: Step 8 Ð added async processing call* LS03B: Step 7 Ð added async processing call* LS16: Step 12 Ð added async processing callAlso removed any Batch rules as they are now obsolete and the object model section.
Table of Contents1. INTRODUCTION	12. USE CASES	22.1 LS01 ADD LIMIT SET (STREAMLINED)	42.1.1 LS01A Add Scheduled Limit Set (Streamlined)	62.1.2 LS01B Add Unscheduled Limit Set (Streamlined)	92.2 LS03 EDIT LIMIT SET (STREAMLINED)	132.2.1 LS03A Edit Scheduled Limit Set (Streamlined)	152.2.2 LS03B Edit Unscheduled Limit Set (Streamlined)	202.3 LS09 DELETE LIMIT SET (STREAMLINED)	252.4 LS16 COPY LIMIT SETS	273. PROTOTYPE	354. DATA MAPPING	465. ENTITY RELATIONSHIP DIAGRAM (ERD)	58
Tables and FiguresTable 2-1:  Limit Sets Use Cases	2Table 3-1:  Limit Sets Screens	35Table 4-1:  Limit Set Data Mapping	46Figure 3-1:  List Limit Sets	36Figure 3-2:  Select Limit Set Type for Add	37Figure 3-3:  Add Scheduled Limit Set	38Figure 3-4:  Add Unscheduled Limit Set	39Figure 3-5:  Edit Scheduled Limit Set	40Figure 3-6:  Edit Unscheduled Limit Set	41Figure 3-7:  Delete Limit Set Confirmation	42Figure 3-8:  Delete Limit Set Error	43Figure 3-9:  View Scheduled Limit Set	44Figure 3-10:  View Unscheduled Limit Set	45Figure 6-1:  Limit Sets ERD	59
1.   INTRODUCTIONThe purpose of the Limit Sets module is to record and track Limit Sets for Permitted Features.  Limit Sets define the monitoring and reporting requirements for a group of Limits.  The system uses Limit Set data in conjunction with Limit and Effluent Trade Partner data to calculate the Expected DMR Schedule for the Limit Set and to determine through DMR Data Processing whether DMR Non-Receipt or Effluent Violations must be generated.The following sections comprise the Technical Specification.  These include:* Use Cases* Prototype* Data Mapping* Object Model* Entity-Relationship Diagram (ERD).* 
2.   USE CASESThe following use cases address the interaction between a user and the system.  Scenarios for specific functions of the module are presented and the user input and system response are described in detail.  Screens can be referenced in the Screen Flow Diagrams in Section 3 and the Prototype in Section 4.This Technical Specification contains the use cases for online data entry.  Batch data entry use cases are contained in a separate batch Technical Specification.Table 2-1, Limit Sets Use Cases, lists the use cases for this module and whether they have been updated for streamlining.Table 2-1:  Limit Sets Use CasesIDStreamlinedNameIncluded Use CasesLS01(Add Limit SetLS01A(Add Scheduled Limit SetLS01B(Add Unscheduled Limit SetLS03(Edit Limit SetLS03A(Edit Scheduled Limit SetLS03B(Edit Unscheduled Limit SetLS09(Delete Limit Set LS16Copy Limit SetsDeferred Use CasesLS01AAdd Limit Set to Individual Permit (IP) Ð Mod ModeLS02Add Limit Set to MGPLS02AAdd Limit Set to MGP Ð Mod ModeLS04Edit Limit Set on MGPLS05Edit Limit Set on GPCFLS06Edit Limit Set on IP Ð Mod ModeLS06AEdit Scheduled Limit Set on IP Ð Mod ModeLS06BEdit Unscheduled Limit Set on IP Ð Mod ModeLS07Edit Limit Set on MGP Ð Mod ModeLS07AEdit Scheduled Limit Set on MGP Ð Mod ModeLS07BEdit Unscheduled Limit Set on MGP Ð Mod ModeLS08Edit Limit Set Key Data ElementsLS08AEdit Limit Set Key Data Elements Ð Move PermitLS08BEdit Limit Set Key Data Elements Ð Move Permitted FeatureLS08CEdit Limit Set Key Data Elements Ð No MoveLS10Delete Limit Set from MGPLS12Conditional Delete Limit Set from MGPLS13Copy Limit Set within Permit Ð IP (Note: superseded by LS16)LS14Copy Limit Set within Permit MGP (Note: superseded by LS16)LS15Copy Limit Set to Different Permit (Note: superseded by LS16)LS15ACopy Limit Set to Different Permit Ð IP to IP (Note: superseded by LS16)LS15BCopy Limit Set to Different Permit Ð MGP to MGP (Note: superseded by LS16)2.1   
LS01 ADD LIMIT SET (STREAMLINED)Assumptions:  * Limit Sets for all Permit Types are subject to the same add requirements/business rules as for an Individual Permit.  For purposes of this use case, the term Permit is assumed to encompass each of these alternative Permit Types.* If the user is adding the Limit Set in a Reissuance in Progress, the system does not perform Expected DMR Schedule generation for the Limit Set add; that generation will be performed when the user finishes the Reissuance (see R02, Finish Reissuance Ð IP, GPCF).Preconditions:  The web user has navigated to the desired Permit.LS01 Add Limit Set (Streamlined)StepUser InputStepSystem ResponseBasic Flow:1*User chooses a Limit Sets link from within the desired Permit.2System displays the List Limit Sets screen on which is listed each of the Limit Sets that belong to the current Permit listed in ascending order by Permitted Feature and then by Limit Set Designator.3User chooses to add a Limit Set.4System prompts the user to select a Limit Set Type (i.e., Scheduled or Unscheduled).5   User selects a Limit Set Type and indicates the desire to continue.6If the selected Limit Set Type is Scheduled:¥ Continue to LS01A, Add Scheduled Limit Set.Else, the selected Limit Set Type is Unscheduled:¥ Continue to LS01B, Add Unscheduled Limit Set.7Use case terminates.Alternative Flow(s):1.1User chooses to Add a Limit Set from the Permitted Feature List screen1.1.1From the Permitted Feature List screen, the user selects a Permitted Feature and clicks its Limit Sets link.1.1.2System displays the List Limit Sets screen which is filtered to list the Limit Sets that belong to the selected Permitted Feature in ascending order.1.1.3Use case continues at Step 3.1.2Users chooses to add an Unscheduled Limit Set from the Add Unscheduled DMR screen1.2.1User chooses an Add Unscheduled link from a DMR screen (e.g., List DMRs, Edit DMR).1.2.2System prompts the user to select an existing Unscheduled Limit Set to which to add the DMR or to add a new Limit Set.1.2.3User chooses to add a new Unscheduled Limit Set.1.2.4Use case continues at Step 6.Post Conditions:  * If the user has chosen to Save and Add Another, the system displays the Select Limit Set Type screen.LIMIT SET SEARCH FUNCTIONALITY* To use the filter, user enters the Permitted Feature and/or Limit Set Designator and hits the Go button. If no Permitted Feature/Limit Set Designator match the entered criteria, the screen will return a list with 0 results. If both Permitted Feature and Limit Set Designator are blank, the screen will return all the Limit Sets.* After entering a value and hitting Go, the user may return to the full list by blanking out the fields and hitting the Go button. The user may also return to the full list by clicking another link (e.g., edit) and then returning to the Limit Set List, or go to a different Limit Set by entering a new Permitted Feature/Limit Set Designator combination and hitting the Go button.2.1.1   
LS01A Add Scheduled Limit Set (Streamlined)Assumptions:  * Limit Sets for all Permit Types are subject to the same add requirements/business rules as for an Individual Permit.  For purposes of this use case, the term Permit is assumed to encompass each of these alternative Permit Types.* Scheduled Limit Set Schedule Data consists of:Ð Number of Report Units/Modification Number of Report UnitsÐ Number of Submission Units/Modification Number of Submission UnitsÐ Initial Monitoring Date/Modification Initial Monitoring DateÐ Initial DMR Due Date/Modification Initial DMR Due Date.* Expected DMR schedule is not generated until the first Limit is added to the Limit Set.* If the user is adding the Limit Set in a Reissuance in Progress, the system does not perform Expected DMR Schedule generation for the Limit Set add; that generation will be performed when the user finishes the Reissuance (see R02, Finish Reissuance Ð IP, GPCF).* The Limit Sets searching functionality on the list screen works according to the process described following use case LS01.Preconditions:  The user has executed LS01, Add Limit Set, and chosen to add a Scheduled Limit Set.LS01A Add Scheduled Limit Set (Streamlined)StepUser InputStepSystem ResponseBasic Flow:1System displays the appropriate Add Limit Set screen for a Scheduled Limit Set populated with data specific to the Permit  in the header (e.g., NPDES ID, Effective Date, Issue Date).  See data mapping for the data elements appropriate to Scheduled Limit Sets.2User enters the Limit Set data and indicates the desire to Save and Exit.  3System validates the Limit Set data based on the edit checks in the Data Mapping and the following business rules:¥ Limit Set Designator is unique within the Permitted Feature and NPDES ID.¥ If Default Months Limit Set Applies is not entered, system will set the Default Months Limit Set Applies to all months; the screen will default to show all months selected (i.e., checked) for the Limit Set.Non-Editable Data Elements:¥ The user has not entered any of the following data elements:Ð Report Units (always display only)Ð Limit Set Status End Date (always display only). (Continued)(Continued from previous)Default Statistical Base Codes¥ A single Statistical Base Code may only be entered once for Quantity Limit Values (i.e., Limit Value Type = Quantity 1 or Quantity 2).¥ A single Statistical Base Code may only be entered once for Concentration Limit Values (i.e., Limit Value Type = Concentration 1, Concentration 2, or Concentration 3).¥ Only one Statistical Base Code with Statistical Base Code Type = A (i.e., monthly average) can be entered for Quantity Limit Values.¥ Only one Statistical Base Code with Statistical Base Code Type = A (i.e., monthly average) can be entered for Concentration Limit Values.Schedule DataInitial Monitoring Date¥ Initial Monitoring Date must be entered.¥ The Initial Monitoring Date must be less than or equal to the Permit Expiration Date (if Expiration Date is entered).¥ If IMD isÊless than theÊPermit Effective Date, Initial Monitoring Period End Date (IMPED) must beÊgreater than theÊPermit Effective Date.Ê IMPED is calculated using the following formula: IMPED =ÊIMD + (Number of Report UnitsÊx Calendar Month) - 1 Day.Initial DMR Due Date¥ The Initial DMR Due Date must be entered.¥ The Initial DMR Due Date must be greater than the Initial Monitoring Period End Date (Initial Monitoring Period End Date = Initial Monitoring Date + (Number of Report Units x Calendar Month) - 1day)).¥ The Initial DMR Due Date must be greater than the earliest possible submission due date (Initial DMR Due Date must be > Initial Monitoring Date + (Number of Submission Units x Calendar Month) - 1 day)).Modification Data Element Rules¥ If Modification Effective Date is entered, it must be greater than or equal to Permit Issue Date and less than or equal to Permit Expiration Date.¥ If Modification Type is entered, Modification Effective Date must be entered and vice versa.Number of Report/Submission Units¥ Number of Report Units must be entered.¥ Number of Submission Units must be entered.¥ The Number of Submission Units must be greater than or equal to the Number of Report Units.¥ The Number of Submission Units must be evenly divisible by the Number of Report Units.(Continued)(Continued from previous page)Limit Set Status Rules Ð General:¥ There must be at least one Limit Set Status and Status Start Date.¥ If Status is entered, Status Start Date must be entered and vice versa.¥ If Status and Status Start Date are blank, Change Reason must be blank.¥ Limit Set Status defaults to Active if not entered¥ Limit Set Status Start Date defaults to Initial Monitoring Date if not entered¥ Earliest Limit Set Status Start Date must equal earliest Initial Monitoring Date.Limit Set Status Rules Ð Batch:¥ Batch users may enter only the current Status, Status Start Date, and Reason on Add. 3.1If the data are invalid, the¥ System generates an error message and rejects the transaction¥ Use case continues at Step 2 for data correction unless the user cancels or exits the transaction.Else¥ Use case continues at Step 4.4System stores the Limit Set to the database.5System returns the user to the List Limit Set screen, with the newly added Limit Set displayed.6Use case terminates.Alternative Flow(s):  NonePost Conditions:   If the user has chosen to Save and Add Another, the system displays the Select Limit Set Type screen.2.1.2   
LS01B Add Unscheduled Limit Set (Streamlined)Assumptions:  * Limit Sets for all Permit Types are subject to the same add requirements/business rules as for an Individual Permit.  For purposes of this use case, the term Permit is assumed to encompass each of these alternative Permit Types.* Unscheduled Limit Set Schedule Data consists of:Ð Number of Report Units/Modification Number of Report Units* Expected DMR schedule is not generated for an Unscheduled Limit Set even when a Limit is added to the Unscheduled Limit Set.* If the user is adding the Limit Set in a Reissuance in Progress, the system does not perform Expected DMR Schedule generation for the Limit Set add; that generation will be performed when the user finishes the Reissuance (see R02, Finish Reissuance Ð IP, GPCF).* The Limit Sets searching functionality on the list screen works according to the process described following use case LS01.Preconditions:  The user has executed LS01, Add Limit Set, and chosen to add an Unscheduled Limit Set.LS01B Add Unscheduled Limit Set (Streamlined)StepUser InputStepSystem ResponseBasic Flow:1System displays the appropriate Add Limit Set screen for an Unscheduled Limit Set populated with data specific to the Permit  in the header (e.g., NPDES ID, Effective Date, Issue Date).  See data mapping for the data elements appropriate to Unscheduled Limit Sets.2User enters the Limit Set data and indicates the desire to Save and Exit.  3System validates the Limit Set data based on the edit checks in the Data Mapping and the following business rules:¥ Limit Set Designator is unique within the Permitted Feature and NPDES ID.¥ If Default Months Limit Set Applies is not entered, system will set the Default Months Limit Set Applies to all months; the screen will default to show all months selected (i.e., checked) for the Limit Set.Non-Editable Data Elements:¥ The user has not entered any of the following data elements:Ð Report Units (always display only)Ð Limit Set Status End Date (always display only).Default Statistical Base Codes¥ A single Statistical Base Code may only be entered once for Quantity Limit Values (i.e., Limit Value Type = Quantity 1 or Quantity 2).¥ A single Statistical Base Code may only be entered once for Concentration Limit Values (i.e., Limit Value Type = Concentration 1, Concentration 2, or Concentration 3).(Continued)(Continued from previous)¥ Only one Statistical Base Code with Statistical Base Code Type = A (i.e., monthly average) can be entered for Quantity Limit Values.¥ Only one Statistical Base Code with Statistical Base Code Type = A (i.e., monthly average) can be entered for Concentration Limit Values.Schedule Data¥ Number of Report Units must be entered.¥ Number of Submission Units must be blank.¥ Initial Monitoring Date must be blank.¥ Initial DMR Due Date must be blank.¥ If Modification Effective Date is entered, it must be greater than or equal to Permit Issue Date and less than or equal to Permit Expiration Date.¥ If Modification Type is entered, Modification Effective Date must be entered and vice versa.Limit Set Status Rules Ð General:¥ There must be at least one Limit Set Status and Status Start Date.¥ If Status is entered, Status Start Date must be entered and vice versa.¥ If Status and Status Start Date are blank, Change Reason must be blank.¥ Limit Set Status defaults to Active if not entered¥ Limit Set Status Start Date defaults to Permit Effective Date if not entered¥ Earliest Limit Set Status Start Date must be >= Permit Effective Date and <= Permit Expiration Date.Limit Set Status Rules Ð Batch:¥ Batch users may enter only the current Status, Status Start Date, and Reason on Add.3.1If the data are invalid, the¥ System generates an error message and rejects the transaction¥ Use case continues at Step 2 for data correction unless the user cancels or exits the transaction.Else¥ Use case continues at Step 4.4System stores the Limit Set to the database.5System returns the user to the List Limit Set screen, with the newly added Limit Set displayed.6Use case terminates.Alternative Flow(s):  NonePost Conditions:  * If the user has chosen to Save and Add Another, the system displays the Select Limit Set Type screen.
2.2   LS03 EDIT LIMIT SET (STREAMLINED)Assumptions:  * Limit Sets for all Permit Types are subject to the same edit requirements/business rules as for an Individual Permit.  For purposes of this use case, the term Permit is assumed to encompass each of these alternative Permit Types.* This use case applies to Limit Sets that have been previously modified and to those that have not.* If the user is editing the Limit Set in a Reissuance in Progress, the system does not perform Expected DMR Schedule Validation for the Limit Set edit; that validation will be performed when the user finishes the Reissuance (see R02, Finish Reissuance Ð IP, GPCF).* The Limit Sets searching functionality on the list screen works according to the process described following use case LS01.Preconditions:  The web user has navigated to the desired Permit.LS03 Edit Limit Set (Streamlined)StepUser InputStepSystem ResponseBasic Flow:1*User chooses a Limit Sets link from within the desired Permit.2System displays the List Limit Sets screen on which is listed each of the Limit Sets that belong to the current Permit grouped by Permitted Feature and listed in ascending order.3User chooses to edit a Limit Set.4System validates that the user may edit the Limit Set by validating that none of the DMRs for the Limit Set are Unsubmitted.4.1If the Limit Set is invalid for editing, the¥ System generates an error message and rejects the transaction ¥ Use case continues at Step 3 for data correction unless the user cancels or exits the transactionElse¥ Use case continues at Step 5.5If the selected Limit Set Type is Scheduled:¥ Continue to LS03A, Edit Scheduled Limit Set.Else, the selected Limit Set Type is Unscheduled:¥ Continue to LS03B, Edit Unscheduled Limit Set.6Use case terminates.Alternative Flow(s):1.1User chooses to list Limit Sets from the Permitted Feature List screen1.1.1From the Permitted Feature List screen, the user selects a Permitted Feature and clicks its Limit Sets link.1.1.2System displays the List Limit Sets screen which is filtered to list the Limit Sets that belong to the selected Permitted Feature in ascending order.1.1.3Use case continues at Step 3.1.2Users chooses to Edit Limit Set from the List Limits screen1.2.1From the List Limits screen, the user selects the Limit Set link.1.2.2Use case continues at Step 4.1.3Users chooses to Edit Limit Set from the DMR List screen1.3.1From the DMR List screen, the user selects a DMR and clicks its Limit Set link.1.3.2Use case continues at Step 4.Post Conditions:  None.2.2.1   
LS03A Edit Scheduled Limit Set (Streamlined)Assumptions:  * Scheduled Limit Sets for all Permit Types are subject to the same edit requirements/business rules as for an Individual Permit unless specifically noted within the use case.  For purposes of this use case, the term Permit is assumed to encompass each of these alternative Permit Types.* This use case applies to both Limit Sets that have been previously modified through the addition of new rows of schedule data and to those that have not.* For the purposes of this use case, the term Effective Date refers to the Effective Date of an Individual, GPCF, or Master General Permit.* Scheduled Limit Set Schedule Data consists of:Ð Number of Report Units/Modification Number of Report UnitsÐ Number of Submission Units/Modification Number of Submission UnitsÐ Initial Monitoring Date/Modification Initial Monitoring DateÐ Initial DMR Due Date/Modification Initial DMR Due Date.* If the user is editing the Limit Set in a Reissuance in Progress, the system does not perform Expected DMR Schedule Validation for the Limit Set edit; that validation will be performed when the user finishes the Reissuance (see R02, Finish Reissuance Ð IP, GPCF).* The Limit Sets searching functionality on the list screen works according to the process described following use case LS01.Preconditions:  The user has executed LS03, Edit Limit Set and chosen to edit a Scheduled Limit Set.LS03A Edit Scheduled Limit Set (Streamlined)StepUser InputStepSystem ResponseBasic Flow:1System displays the Edit Limit Set screen populated with the existing Limit Set data.2User edits the Limit Set data and indicates the desire to Save and Exit.3System validates the Limit Set data based on the edit checks in the Data Mapping and the following business rules:Default Months Limit Set AppliesNote: Months Limit Set Appies edits do NOT trickle down to existing Limits¥ At least one month must be entered for Default Months Limit Set Applies:  Ð If user blanks out all Months, system generates an error message.Non-Editable Data Elements¥ The user has not edited any of the following:Ð NPDES IDÐ Permitted Feature IdentifierÐ Limit Set DesignatorÐ Report Units Ð Limit Set TypeÐ Limit Set Status End Date.Default Statistical Base CodesNote:  Statistical Base Code edits do NOT trickle down to existing Limits.¥ A single Statistical Base Code may only be entered once for Quantity Limit Values (i.e., Limit Value Type = Quantity 1 or Quantity 2).¥ A single Statistical Base Code may only be entered once for Concentration Limit Values (i.e., Limit Value Type = Concentration 1, Concentration 2, or Concentration 3).¥ Only one Statistical Base Code with Statistical Base Code Type = A (i.e., monthly average) can be entered for Quantity Limit Values. ¥ Only one Statistical Base Code with Statistical Base Code Type = A (i.e., monthly average) can be entered for Concentration Limit Values. (Continued)(Continued from previous page)Schedule DataFor each row of Limit Set Schedule data, the following rules apply.  Note:  if any of the Limit Set Schedule data rows are from a Permit Modification (i.e., Modification Effective Date is not blank), the word Modification should be assumed to precede each data element.¥ Batch:  Only the most recent set of Limit Set Schedule data may be edited as follows:Ð If Modification Schedule data exist, the Schedule with the latest Modification Effective Date is most recent.Ð If no Modification Schedule data exist, the base Schedule data is most recent.Initial Monitoring Date¥ Initial Monitoring Date must be entered.¥ TheÊÊearliestÊInitial Monitoring Date (IMD)/Modification Initial Monitoring Date (MIMD)Êmust be less than or equal to the Permit Expiration Date (if Permit Expiration Date has been entered).ÊÊ¥ The Initial Monitoring Date/Modification Initial Monitoring Date must be less than or equal to the Permit Expiration Date (if Permit Expiration Date has been entered).¥ If IMD/MIMD isÊless than theÊPermit Effective Date, Initial Monitoring Period End Date (IMPED) must beÊgreater than theÊPermit Effective Date.Ê IMPED is calculated using the following formula:ÊIMPED =ÊIMD/MIMD + (Number of Report UnitsÊx Calendar Month) - 1 Day.Initial DMR Due Date¥ Initial DMR Due Date must be entered.¥ The Initial DMR Due Date must be greater than the Initial Monitoring Period End Date (Initial Monitoring Period End Date = Initial Monitoring Date + (Number of Report Units x Calendar Month) - 1day).¥ The Initial DMR Due Date must be greater than the earliest possible submission due date (Initial DMR Due Date must be > Initial Monitoring Date + (Number of Submission Units x Calendar Month) - 1 day))." Number of Report/Submission Units¥ Number of Report Units must be entered.¥ Number of Submission Units must be entered.¥ The Number of Submission Units must be greater than or equal to the Number of Report Units.¥ The Number of Submission Units must be evenly divisible by the Number of Report Units. (Continued)(Continued from previous)Modification Data Element Rules¥ When adding a row of Schedule Data, if at least one row of Schedule Data already exists then Modification Effective Date and Modification Type are required.¥ If Modification Effective Date is entered for a row of schedule data, it must be greater than or equal to Permit Issue Date and less than or equal to Permit Expiration Date.¥ If Modification Type is entered for a row of schedule data, Modification Effective Date must be entered for that row and vice versa.Limit Set Status Rules Ð General:¥ There must be at least one Status and Status Start Date.¥ If Status is entered, Status Start Date must be entered and vice versa.¥ If Status and Status Start Date are blank, Change Reason must be blank.¥ The earliest Limit Set Status Start Date must equal the earliest Initial Monitoring/Modification Initial Monitoring Date.¥ If a Status is deleted the previous status row end date will be recalculated (blanked out or set to the date before the next status).Limit Set Status Rules Ð Web:If any Status Start Date has been changed or added:¥ If multiple Statuses and Status Start Dates are entered:Ð System generates Status End Date to be one day prior to next Status Start Date (except the latest Status Start Date which has a blank Status End Date)Ð No duplicate Status Start Dates.¥ If a Status is deleted the previous status row end date will be recalculated (blanked out or set to the date before the next status).(Continued)3.1If the data are invalid, the¥ System generates an error message and rejects the  transaction¥ Use case continues at Step 2 for data correction unless the user cancels or exits the transaction.Else¥ Use case continues at Step 4.4*System determines that the Limit Set has Limits.5System validates that none of the following business rules have been violated:Orphaning Validation¥ If the Permit for the Limit Set is an Individual or GPCF, the system performs the following validation:Ð If the Limit Set has at least one DMR Value with a DMR Value Received Date entered, and any of the following data have been changed, the system runs Expected DMR Schedule Processing to validate that no Received DMR Values will be orphaned as a result of the Limit Set edit:È Number of Report UnitsÈ Number of Submission UnitsÈ Initial Monitoring DateÈ Initial DMR Due DateÈ Default Months Limit Set Applies.5.1If a business rule(s) is violated, the¥ System generates an error message and rejects the  transaction¥ Use case continues at Step 2 for data correction unless the user cancels or exits the transaction.Else¥ Use case continues at Step 6.6System stores the updated Limit Set to the database.7System stores updated Limits to the database (if necessary).8System runs Expected DMR Schedule and calls Asynchronous Processing for DMR Data Processing for the Limit Set and stores updated Expected DMR Schedule and Violations to the database (if necessary).  See the ICIS Asynchronous DMR Data Violation Processing technical specification for additional detail. 9System displays the List Limit Sets screen.10Use case terminates.Alternative Flow(s):4.1Limit Set has no Limits4.1.1System determines that the Limit Set has no Limits.4.1.2System stores the Limit Set to the database.4.1.3System displays the List Limit Sets screen.4.1.4Use case terminates.Post Conditions:  None.2.2.2   
LS03B Edit Unscheduled Limit Set (Streamlined)Assumptions:  * Unscheduled Limit Sets for all Permit Types are subject to the same edit requirements/business rules as for an Individual Permit unless specifically noted within the use case.  For purposes of this use case, the term Permit is assumed to encompass each of these alternative Permit Types.* This use case applies to both Limit Sets that have been previously modified and to those that have not.* Unscheduled Limit Set Schedule Data consists of:Ð (Modification) Number of Report Units.* If the user is editing the Limit Set in a Reissuance in Progress, the system does not perform Expected DMR Schedule Validation for the Limit Set edit; that validation will be performed when the user finishes the Reissuance (see R02, Finish Reissuance Ð IP, GPCF).* The Limit Sets searching functionality on the list screen works according to the process described following use case LS01.Preconditions:  The user has executed LS03, Edit Limit Set and chosen to edit an Unscheduled Limit Set.LS03B Edit Unscheduled Limit Set (Streamlined)StepUser InputStepSystem ResponseBasic Flow:1System displays the Edit Limit Set screen populated with the existing Limit Set data.2User edits the Limit Set data and indicates the desire to Save and Exit.3System validates the Limit Set data based on the edit checks in the Data Mapping and the following business rules:Default Months Limit Set AppliesNote: Months Limit Set Appies edits do NOT trickle down to existing Limits¥ At least one month must be entered for Default Months Limit Set Applies:  Ð If user blanks out all Months, system generates an error message.Non-Editable Data Elements¥ The user has not edited any of the following:Ð NPDES IDÐ Permitted Feature IdentifierÐ Limit Set DesignatorÐ Report Units Ð Limit Set TypeÐ Limit Set Status End Date.Default Statistical Base CodesNote:  Statistical Base Code edits do NOT trickle down to existing Limits.¥ A single Statistical Base Code may only be entered once for Quantity Limit Values (i.e., Limit Value Type = Quantity 1 or Quantity 2).¥ A single Statistical Base Code may only be entered once for Concentration Limit Values (i.e., Limit Value Type = Concentration 1, Concentration 2, or Concentration 3). (Continued)(Continued from previous page)¥ Only one Statistical Base Code with Statistical Base Code Type = A (i.e., monthly average) can be entered for Quantity Limit Values. ¥ Only one Statistical Base Code with Statistical Base Code Type = A (i.e., monthly average) can be entered for Concentration Limit Values.Schedule Data:For each set of Limit Set Schedule data, the following rules apply.  Note:  if any of the Limit Set Schedule data are from a Permit Modification, the word Modification should be assumed to precede each data element.¥ Batch:  Only the most recent set of Limit Set Schedule data may be edited as follows:Ð If Modification Schedule data exist, the Schedule with the latest Modification Effective Date is most recent.Ð If no Modification Schedule data exist, the base Schedule data is most recent.¥ Number of Report Units must be entered.¥ The Initial Monitoring Date must be blank.¥ The Number of Submission Units must be blank.¥ The Initial DMR Due Date must be blank.Modification Data Element Rules¥ When adding a row of Schedule Data, if at least one row of Schedule Data already exists then Modification Effective Date and Modification Type are required.¥ If Modification Effective Date is entered for a row of schedule data, it must be greater than or equal to Permit Issue Date and less than or equal to Permit Expiration Date.¥ If Modification Type is entered for a row of schedule data, Modification Effective Date must be entered for that row, and vice versa.Limit Set Status Rules Ð General:¥ There must be at least one Status and Status Start Date.¥ If Status is entered, Status Start Date must be entered and vice versa.¥ If Status and Status Start Date are blank, Change Reason must be blank.¥ The earliest Limit Set Status Start Date must be greater than or equal to the Permit Effective Date and less than or equal to the Permit Expiration Date. (Continued)(Continued from previous page)¥ If a Status is deleted the previous status row end date will be recalculated (blanked out or set to the date before the next status).Limit Set Status Rules Ð Web:If any Status Start Date has been changed or added:¥ If multiple Statuses and Status Start Dates are entered:Ð System generates Status End Date to be one day prior to next Status Start Date (except the latest Status Start Date which has a blank Status End Date)¥ No duplicate Status Start Dates.¥ If a Status is deleted the previous status row end date will be recalculated (blanked out or set to the date before the next status).Limit Set Status Rules Ð Batch:¥ For batch status changes, only the current Status/Status Start Date and Reason may be edited or a new Status/Status Start Date and Reason may be added.¥ The following rules will be used for comparing batch Status and Status Start Date to current Status and Status Start Date:Ð Status and Status Start Date equal to current:È No changeÐ Status equal to current, Status Start Date not equal to current:  È Treat as:  Edit current Status Start DateÈ Validate that edited Status Start Date is greater than the Status Start Date of previous status record (if entered)È Regenerate Status End Date of previous status record  Ð Status not equal to current, Status Start Date not equal to current:È Treat as:  Add new Status and Status Start DateÈ Validate that new Status Start Date is greater than the Start Date of current status È Generate Status End Date of current statusÐ Status not equal to current, Status Start Date equal to current:È Treat as:  Edit current Status.¥ If a Status is deleted the previous status row end date will be recalculated (blanked out or set to the date before the next status).3.1If the data are invalid, the¥ System generates an error message and rejects the  transaction¥ Use case continues at Step 2 for data correction unless the user cancels or exits the transaction.Else¥ Use case continues at Step 4.4*System determines that the Limit Set has Limits.5System stores the updated Limit Set to the database.6System stores updated Limits to the database (if necessary).7System runs Expected DMR Schedule and calls Asynchronous Processing for DMR Data Processing for the Limit Set and stores updated Expected DMR Schedule and Violations to the database (if necessary).  See the ICIS Asynchronous DMR Data Violation Processing technical specification for additional detail.8System displays the List Limit Sets screen.9Use case terminates.Alternative Flow(s):4.1Limit Set has no Limits4.1.1System determines that the Limit Set has no Limits.4.1.2System stores Limit Set to the database.4.1.3System displays the List Limit Sets screen.4.1.4Use case terminates.Post Conditions:  None.2.3   
LS09 DELETE LIMIT SET (STREAMLINED)Assumptions:  * Limit Sets for all Permit Types are subject to the same delete requirements/business rules as for an Individual Permit.  For purposes of this use case, the term Permit is assumed to encompass each of these alternative Permit Types.* The Limit Sets searching functionality on the list screen works according to the process described following use case LS01.Preconditions:  The web user has navigated to the desired Permit.LS09 Delete Limit Set (Streamlined)StepUser InputStepSystem ResponseBasic Flow:1User chooses a Limit Set link from within the desired Permit2System displays the List Limit Sets screen on which is listed each of the Limit Sets that belong to the current Permit listed in ascending order by Permitted Feature and then by Limit Set Designator.3User selects a Limit Set from the list and indicates their desire to delete it. 4System prompts the user to confirm their desire to delete the Limit Set or cancel the transaction. 5User confirms the delete.  6System validates that the Limit Set does not contain any Enforcement Action Limits (i.e., none of the Limits has a Change of Limit Status = Enforcement).6.1If the delete is invalid,¥ The system generates an error message and rejects the transaction¥ Use case continues at Step 2Else¥ Use case continues at Step 7.7System deletes child and associated records of the Limit Set:¥ Limit Parameters (Base and Permit Modification Limits)¥ Effluent Trade Partners¥ Limit Values¥ DMR Forms¥ DMR Parameters¥ DMR Values¥ DMR Violations ¥ Links between DMR Violations and Enforcement Actions/Final Orders¥ Links between DMR Forms and Biosolids Special Regulatory Program Reports¥ Links between DMR Forms and Storm Water Special Regulatory Program Reports.8System deletes the Limit Set from the Permit.9System displays the List Limit Sets screen from which the user selected the Limit Set.  The Limit Set has been removed from the list of Limit Sets that belong to the current Permit.10Use case terminates.Alternative Flow(s):  NonePost Conditions:  None.2.4   
LS16 COPY LIMIT SETSAssumptions:  * Limit Sets for an Individual State Permit (Non-NPDES), IU Permit (Non-NPDES), a General Permit Covered Facility (GPCF), and an Associated Permit Record are subject to the same requirements/business rules as for an Individual Permit.  For purposes of this use case, the term Individual Permit is assumed to encompass each of these alternative Permit Types.* Limit Sets for a Master General State Permit (Non-NPDES) are subject to the same requirements/business rules as for an NPDES Master General Permit.  For purposes of this use case, the term Master General Permit (MGP) is assumed to encompass this alternative Permit Type.* Copy functionality is Web only.* Source refers to the permit from which the Limit Sets are copied and target refers to the permit to which the Limit Sets are copied.  * The Limit Sets searching functionality on the list screen works according to the process described following use case LS01.* Expected DMR schedule is not generated until the copy is complete.  No Expected DMR Schedule is generated for MGPs.* Limit Sets are always copied from the current version (i.e., icis_permit.version_nmbr = 0) of the target permit.Preconditions:  The web user has navigated to the desired Permit.LS16 Copy Limit SetsStepUser InputStepSystem ResponseBasic Flow:1User chooses a Limit Set link from within the desired Permit. Note: this Permit is the target permit.2System displays the List Limit Sets screen on which is listed each of the Limit Sets that belong to the current Permit listed in ascending order by Permitted Feature and then by Limit Set Designator.3User selects the Copy Limit Set(s) link.4System displays the Enter Source NPDES ID screen.  If the target permit is a GPCF, the system prepopulates the Source NPDES ID field with the NPDES ID of the associated MGP for the GPCF.  This field will default to being highlighted.5User enters the NPDES ID of the desired source permit and clicks Continue.6System validates the entered source NPDES ID according to the following business rules:¥ The NPDES ID exists in the system¥ The NPDES ID has a current version that has at least one Limit Set¥ The NPDES ID is not for a pending Permit with blank Effective and Expiration Dates6.1If the entered source NPDES ID is not valid,¥ The system generates an error message and rejects the transaction¥ Use case continues at Step 5.Else¥ Use case continues at Step 7.7System displays the Copy Limit Set screen listing all the Limit Sets from the current version of the source Permit listed in ascending order by Permitted Feature and then by Limit Set Designator.  If there are more than 50 Limit Sets on the source Permit, there will be multiple pages listing the Limit Sets that may be copied.  The user may only copy Limit Sets from one page at a time.The screen provides the following options.Filter by Permitted Feature Number/Limit Set Designator/Limit Set TypeProvides the ability for the user to enter a combination of Permitted Feature, Limit Set Designator, and/or Limit Set Type by which the user may filter the list of displayed Limit Sets.Enter Default Limit Set DatesProvides the ability to set the default Limit Start and End Dates for all Limits copied from the target to the source permit.¥ Limit Start Date defaults to target Permit Effective Date; if target Permit Effective Date is blank, Limit Start Date defaults to blank.¥ Limit End Date defaults to target Permit Expiration Date; if target Permit Expiration Date is blank, Limit End Date defaults to blank.¥ Limit Start and End Date are required.(Continued)(Continued from previous page)List of Eligible Limit SetsFor each Limit Set on the current version of the source Permit, the system displays the following:¥ Select checkbox* Defaults to unchecked* User may use a Select All button¥ Source Limit Set* Displays Permitted Feature ID concatenated with a hyphen and Limit Set Designator for the source Limit Set¥ Target Permitted Feature* Required* Defaults to blank* May be pre-populated based on the source Permitted Feature ID by selecting the Prepopulate button¥ Target Limit Set Designator* Required* Defaults to blank* May be pre-populated based on the source Limit Set Designator by selecting the Prepopulate button¥ Target Number of Report Units* Required* Defaults to source Number of Report Units* If multiple Limit Set Schedule rows exist for the source Limit Set, the Number of Report Units from the row with the latest Modification Effective Date will be used.  If multiple rows with the same Modification Effective Date exist, the row with the latest sequence ID will be used.¥ Target Number of Submission Units * Required for Scheduled Limit Sets; not enterable for Unscheduled Limit Sets* Defaults to source Number of Submission Units* If multiple Limit Set Schedule rows exist for the source Limit Set, the Number of Submission Units from the row with the latest Modification Effective Date will be used.  If multiple rows with the same Modification Effective Date exist, the row with the latest sequence ID will be used.¥ Target Initial Monitoring Date* Required for Scheduled Limit Sets; not enterable for Unscheduled Limit Sets* Defaults to blank* May be pre-populated by entering a date in the Pre-populate Initial Monitoring Date field and selecting the Prepopulate button.(Continued from previous page)¥ Target Initial DMR Due Date* Required for Scheduled Limit Sets; not enterable for Unscheduled Limit Sets* Defaults to blank* May be pre-populated by entering a date in the Pre-populate Initial DMR Due Date field and selecting the Prepopulate button.¥ Limit Set Name* Defaults to source Limit Set Name* User may select the Clear button to clear all pre-populated Limit Set Names¥ Limit Set Type* Displays source Limit Set Type8*User updates Copy Limit Set Screen and selects the Copy option.9System validates the following general business rules:¥ At least one Limit Set has its select checkbox set to checked.¥ Limit Start and End Date are entered.¥ Limit End Date is greater than or equal to Limit Start Date.For each selected Limit Set, the system validates that all required fields have entries and the following business rules:Target Permitted Feature ID and Limit Set Designator¥ Combination of Target Permitted Feature ID and Target Limit Set Designator must be unique for the current version of the target permit.¥ Permitted Feature ID must be at least three and a maximum of four alphanumeric characters.¥ Limit Set Designator must be at least one and a maximum of two alphanumeric characters.Number of Report Units/Number of Submission Units¥ Scheduled Limit Sets* Number of Reports and Number of Submission Units must be entered.* Number of Submission Units must be greater than or equal to the Number of Report Units.* Number of Submission Units must be evenly divisible by the Number of Report Units.¥ Unscheduled Limit Sets * Number of Reports Units must be entered.* Number of Submission Units must be blank.(Continued)(Continued from previous page)Initial Monitoring Date (Scheduled Limit Sets only)¥ The Initial Monitoring Date (IMD) must be less than or equal to the target Permit Expiration Date if the target Permit Expiration Date exists.¥ If the target Permit Effective Date exists and the IMD is less than the target Permit Effective Date, Initial Monitoring Period End Date (IMPED) must be greater than the source Permit Effective Date.  IMPED is calculated using the following formula: IMPED = IMD + (Number of Report Units x Calendar Month) - 1 Day.Initial DMR Due Date (Scheduled Limit Sets only)¥ The Initial DMR Due Date (IDDD) must be greater than the Initial Monitoring Period End Date (Initial Monitoring Period End Date = Initial Monitoring Date + (Number of Report Units x Calendar Month) - 1day)).¥ The Initial DMR Due Date must be greater than the earliest possible submission due date (Initial DMR Due Date must be > Initial Monitoring Date + (Number of Submission Units x Calendar Month) - 1 day))."9.1If any Limit Set is not valid,¥ The system generates an error message and rejects the transaction¥ Use case continues at Step 8.Else¥ Use case continues at Step 10.10System processes each valid Limit Set as follows:Create Permitted FeatureSystem determines whether the target Permitted Feature ID exists on the target Permit.  If it does not exist, the system creates the Permitted Feature record and sets the Permitted Feature Type based on the source Permitted Feature.Create Limit Set¥ Create Limit Set Status row* Set Limit Set Status to Active* Set Limit Set Status Start Date to:È Scheduled Limit Sets:  Initial Monitoring DateÈ Unscheduled Limit Sets:  Permit Effective Date; if Permit has no Effective Date, set to current date¥ Create Limit Set Schedule row* Scheduled Limit SetsÈ Set Number of Report Units, Number of Submission Units, Initial Monitoring Date, and Initial DMR Due Date to values on Copy Limit Set ScreenÈ Set Modification Effective Date and Modification Type to blank* Unscheduled Limit SetsÈ Set Number of Report Units to value on Copy Limit Set ScreenÈ Set Modification Effective Date and Modification Type to blank¥ Copy the Default Statistical Base Codes, Default Months Limit Set Applies, Agency Reviewer, and DMR comments from the source Limit Set (note: the UDF fields are NOT copied)(Continued)(Continued from previous page)Copy Limits¥ For each parameter on the source Limit Set, the system identifies the Base limit or Permit Modification Limit (PML) segment in effect for the source permit as of the current date (note, if an Enforcement Action limit segment is in effect, that segment will be ignored and the next segment in the hierarchy will be selected).  All limits will be created on the target permit as Base limits, regardless of whether they were Base or PML Limits on the source permit.Ð A parameter is defined by NPDES ID, Permitted Feature ID, Limit Set Designator, Parameter Code, Monitoring Location Code, Limit Season ID.Ð The in effect limit meets the following criteria for a Permit that is Effective (i.e., Expiration Date is greater than or equal to Current Date):È Limit Start Date is less than or equal to the current date.È Limit End Date is greater than or equal to the current date.È PML with the latest Modification Effective Date; if no PMLs, use the Base Limit.Ð The in effect limit meets the following criteria for a Permit that is Expired/Admin Continued (i.e., Expiration Date is less than Current Date):È Limit Start Date is less than or equal to the current date.È Limit End Date is equal to the Source Expiration Date.È PML with the latest Modification Effective Date; if no PMLs, use the Base Limit.Note:  some parameters will not have any segments in effect as of the current date and thus will not be copied forward.¥ Each selected segment will be copied to the target Limit Set and the data set as follows* Limit Start Date and Limit End Date set to Default Limit Start Date and End Date on Copy Limit Set Screen* The following data elements will be set to blank:È Change of Limit StatusÈ Modification Effective DateÈ Modification TypeÈ All Stay data È UDFs* All other Limit data will be copied from the source Limit* Effluent Trade Partner data will not be copied11System stores new Permitted Features (if any), Limit Sets, and Limits to the database.12For each target Scheduled Limit Set that has at least one Limit, system runs Expected DMR Schedule and calls Asynchronous Processing for DMR Data Processing for the Limit Set and stores updated Expected DMR Schedule and Violations to the database (if necessary).  See the ICIS Asynchronous DMR Data Violation Processing technical specification for additional detail.13System displays the Copy Limit Set screen from which the use copy was originated.14Use case terminates.Alternative Flow(s):8.1User navigates to a different page in the Copy Limit Set Screen8.1.1User selects a navigation option on the Copy Limit Set screen (i.e., previous or next page or uses the filter)8.1.2System refreshes the screen with the newly navigated to data.  System does NOT copy any selected or updated Limits.  System does NOT remember any pre-population options entered on the previous screen such as:¥ Limit Start and End Dates¥ Permitted Feature Identifier and Limit Set Designator¥ Initial Monitoring Date¥ Initial DMR Due Date.8.1.3Use case continues at Step 8.3.   
PROTOTYPEThe following figures are screen shots of the Limit Sets module.  The purpose of each screen is described in the Use Cases in Section 2.Table 3-1, Limit Sets Screens, lists the screens for this module and whether they have been updated for streamlining.Table 3-1:  Limit Sets ScreensIDStreamlinedNameIncluded Screens1(List Limit Sets6Select Limit Set Type for Add10(Add Scheduled Limit Set14(Add Unscheduled Limit Set22A(Edit Scheduled Limit Set27(Edit Unscheduled Limit Set32(Delete Limit Set Confirmation32A(Delete Limit Set Error34(View Scheduled Limit Set37(View Unscheduled Limit SetDeferred Screens18Enter GPCF Scheduled Dates19Edit Limit Set Key Data Elements40Copy Limit Set from Different Permit Ð Intermediate Screen40ACopy Limit Set from Different Permit Ð Copy Screen44Copy Limit Set in Same Permit Ð Intermediate Screen44ACopy Limit Set in Same Permit Ð Copy ScreenAll GPCF and mod mode specific variations on any Limit Set screens
Figure 3-1:  List Limit SetsChanges Due to Streamlining:  * Remove Edit Key Elements Button* Remove Copy within Permit Button* Remove Copy from Permit link.Other Changes:* Change Add Limit Set link to Add Scheduled Limit Set.* Add an Add Unscheduled Limit Set link.
Figure 3-2:  Select Limit Set Type for AddChanges Due to Streamlining:  * None.Other Changes:* Screen no longer needed due to specific links on the List Limit Sets screen.
Figure 3-3:  Add Scheduled Limit Set Changes Due to Streamlining:  * Add columns Modification Effective Date and Modification Type (picklist) to Schedule data.* Remove Add button in Status section.
Figure 3-4:  Add Unscheduled Limit SetChanges Due to Streamlining:  * Add columns Modification Effective Date and Modification Type (picklist) to Schedule data.* Remove Add button in Status section.
Figure 3-5:  Edit Scheduled Limit SetChanges Due to Streamlining:  * Remove display only Modification Effective Date* Add columns Modification Effective Date and Modification Type (picklist) to Schedule data* Change Add button under Status section to Manage Status.* Add Manage Schedule button to Schedule data* Both Status data and Schedule data will be uneditable on this screen.
Figure 3-6:  Edit Unscheduled Limit SetChanges Due to Streamlining:  * Add columns Modification Effective Date and Modification Type (picklist) to Schedule data.* Change Add button under Status section to Manage Status.* Add Manage Schedule button to Schedule data* Both Status data and Schedule data will be uneditable on this screen.Other Changes:* Change the Save & Add Another button to Save & Continue.
Figure 3-7:  Delete Limit Set ConfirmationNote:  Message will be developed with less space between colon and list of associated items.
Figure 3-8:  Delete Limit Set ErrorNote:  Message will be developed with less space between colon and list of associated items.Changes Due to Streamlining:  * Remove sentence about Violation linked to an Enforcement Action.
Figure 3-9:  View Scheduled Limit SetChanges Due to Streamlining:  * Add Modification Effective Date and Modification Type to Schedule data.
Figure 3-10:  View Unscheduled Limit SetChanges Due to Streamlining:  * Add Modification Effective Date and Modification Type to Schedule data.
4.   DATA MAPPINGThe Data Mapping is used to map every field on a screen to a column and table in the database.  The following table shows the data mapping for the Limit Set screens.Table 4-1:  Limit Set Data MappingSCREENDATABASEScreen NameScreen SectionScreen LabelKey ElementDD RequiredWENDBTable NameColumn NameEdit Checks (from Design Doc)18Add Edit Scheduled Limit Set DataGPCF NPDES ID YYYICIS_PERMITPERMIT_IDPositions 1 and 2 must be a valid State or Tribal indicator.  Positions 3-9 must be a unique combination.18Add Edit Scheduled Limit Set DataLimit Set DesignatorYYYICIS_LIMIT_SETLIMIT_SET_DESIGNATORNo special characters.10,11,12,13,14,15,16,17,22,22A,23,24,24A,25,27,28,29,30,40A,41A,42A.43A,44A,45A,46A,47ADefault Statistical Base CodesConcentration 1ÊÊÊREF_STATISTICAL_BASESTATISTICAL_BASE_SHORT_DESCÊ26,31,34,35,36,37,38,39Default Statistical Base CodesConcentration 1ÊÊÊREF_STATISTICAL_BASESTATISTICAL_BASE_SHORT_DESCÊ10,11,12,13,14,15,16,17,22,22A,23,24,24A,25,27,28,29,30,40A,41A,42A.43A,44A,45A,46A,47ADefault Statistical Base CodesConcentration 2ÊÊÊREF_STATISTICAL_BASESTATISTICAL_BASE_SHORT_DESCÊ26,31,34,35,36,37,38,39Default Statistical Base CodesConcentration 2ÊÊÊREF_STATISTICAL_BASESTATISTICAL_BASE_SHORT_DESCÊ10,11,12,13,14,15,16,17,22,22A,23,24,24A,25,27,28,29,30,40A,41A,42A.43A,44A,45A,46A,47ADefault Statistical Base CodesConcentration 3ÊÊÊREF_STATISTICAL_BASESTATISTICAL_BASE_SHORT_DESCÊ26,31,34,35,36,37,38,39Default Statistical Base CodesConcentration 3ÊÊÊREF_STATISTICAL_BASESTATISTICAL_BASE_SHORT_DESCÊ10,11,12,13,14,15,16,17,22,22A,23,24,24A,25,27,28,29,30,40A,41A,42A.43A,44A,45A,46A,47ADefault Statistical Base CodesQuantity 1ÊÊÊICIS_DEFAULT_STATISTICAL_BASESTATISTICAL_BASE_CODEÊ26,31,34,35,36,37,38,39Default Statistical Base CodesQuantity 1ÊÊÊICIS_DEFAULT_STATISTICAL_BASESTATISTICAL_BASE_CODEÊ10,11,12,13,14,15,16,17,22,22A,23,24,24A,25,27,28,29,30,40A,41A,42A.43A,44A,45A,46A,47ADefault Statistical Base CodesQuantity 2ÊÊÊICIS_DEFAULT_STATISTICAL_BASESTATISTICAL_BASE_CODEÊ26,31,34,35,36,37,38,39Default Statistical Base CodesQuantity 2ÊÊÊICIS_DEFAULT_STATISTICAL_BASESTATISTICAL_BASE_CODEÊ10,11,14,15,22,22A,23,26,27,28,31,40A,41A,44A,45,45ADMR Pre-Print InformationAgency ReviewerÊÊÊICIS_LIMIT_SETAGENCY_REVIEWERÊ34,36,37,39DMR Pre-Print InformationAgency ReviewerÊÊÊICIS_LIMIT_SETAGENCY_REVIEWERÊ10,11,12,13,14,15,16,17,22,22A,23,24,24A,25,27,28,29,30,40A,41,41A,42A,43,43A,44A,45A,46A,47DMR Pre-Print InformationDMR CommentsÊÊÊICIS_LIMIT_SETDMR_COMMENT_TEXTÊ26,31,34,35,36,37,38,39DMR Pre-Print InformationDMR CommentsÊÊÊICIS_LIMIT_SETDMR_COMMENT_TEXTÊ3,26,31,36,39Header/Limit SetCoverage Effective DateÊÊÊICIS_PERMITCOVERAGE_EFFECTIVE_DATEBatch:  Valid format is ccyy-mm-dd.                                         Web:  Valid format is mm/dd/yy.1,2,3,4,5,7,9,10,11,12,13,14,15,16,17,19,20,22,22A,23,24,24A,25,26,27,28,29,30,31,32,32A,33,33A,34,35,36,37,38,39,40,40A,41,41A,42,42A,43,43A,44,44A,45,45A,46,46A,47,47AHeader/Limit SetEffective DateÊÊÊICIS_PERMITEFFECTIVE_DATEBatch:  Valid format is ccyy-mm-dd.                                         Web:  Valid format is mm/dd/yy.1,2,3,4,5,7,9,10,11,12,13,14,15,16,17,19,20,22,22A,23,24,24A,25,26,27,28,29,30,31,32,32A,33,33A,34,35,36,37,38,39,40,40A,41,41A,42,42A,43,43A,44,44A,45,45A,46,46A,47,47AHeader/Limit SetExpiration DateÊÊÊICIS_PERMITEXPIRATION_DATEBatch:  Valid format is ccyy-mm-dd.                                         Web:  Valid format is mm/dd/yy.1,2,3,4,5,10,11,12,13,14,15,16,17,19,20,22,22A,23,24,24A,25,26,27,28,29,30,31,32,32A,33,33A,34,35,36,37,38,39,40,40A,41,41A,42,42A,43,43A,44,44A,45,45A,46,46A,47,47AHeader/Limit SetIssue DateÊÊÊICIS_PERMITISSUE_DATEBatch:  Valid format is ccyy-mm-dd.                                         Web:  Valid format is mm/dd/yy.1,2,3,10,11,14,15,19,22,22A,23,26,27,28,31,32,32A,34,36,37,39,40,40A,41,41A,44,44A,45,45AHeader/Limit SetMajor/Minor IndicatorÊÊÊICIS_MAJOR_MINOR_STATUSMAJOR_MINOR_STATUS_FLAGÊ1,2,3,4,5,10,11,12,13,14,15,16,17,19,20,22,22A,23,24,24A,25,26,27,28,29,30,31,32,32A,33,33A,34,35,36,37,38,39,40,40A,41,41A,42,42A,43,43A,44,44A,45,45A,46,46A,47,47AHeader/Limit SetNPDES IDYYYICIS_PERMITPERMIT_IDPositions 1 and 2 must be a valid State or Tribal indicator.  Positions 3-9 must be a unique combination.3,4,5,9,13,16,17,20,24,24A,25,26,29,30,31,33,33A,35,36,38,39,42,42A,43,43A,46,46A,47,47AHeader/Limit SetPermit NameÊÊÊICIS_PERMITPERMIT_NAMEAlphanumeric(100)1,2,3,4,5,7,9,10,11,12,13,14,15,16,17,19,20,22,22A,23,24,24A,25,26,27,28,29,30,31,32,32A,33,33A,34,35,36,37,38,39,40,40A,41,41A,42,42A,43,43A,44,44A,45,45A,46,46A,47,47AHeader/Limit SetPermit TypeÊÊÊREF_PERMIT_TYPEPERMIT_TYPE_DESCValild values are:  NPDES Individual Permit, NPDES Master General Permit, General Permit Covered Facility, State Issued Non-NPDES General Permit, Individual IU Permit (Non-NPDES), Individual State Issued Permit (Non-NPDES), Associated Permit Record1,2,3,10,11,12,14,15,19,22,22A,23,26,27,28,31,32,32A,34,36,37,39,40,40A,41,41A,44,44A,45,45AHeader/Limit SetPermittee NameÊÊÊICIS_PERMITTEEPERMITTEEÊ19,20,40,41,42,43,44,45,46,47Key Data ElementLimit Set DesignatorYYYICIS_LIMIT_SETLIMIT_SET_DESIGNATORNo special characters.19,20,44,45,46,47Key Data ElementLimit Set DesignatorYYYICIS_LIMIT_SETLIMIT_SET_DESIGNATORNo special characters.20,46,47Key Data ElementMaster General Category IDYYYICIS_PERM_FEATUREPERM_FEATURE_NMBRPadded with a trailing space if necessary.  Minimum number of 3 characters.20,42,43,46,47Key Data ElementMaster General Category IDYYYICIS_PERM_FEATUREPERM_FEATURE_NMBRPadded with a trailing space if necessary.  Minimum number of 3 characters.19,20,40,41,42,43Key Data ElementNPDES IDYYYICIS_PERMITPERMIT_IDPositions 1 and 2 must be a valid State or Tribal indicator.  Positions 3-9 must be a unique combination.19,20,40,41,42,43,44,45,46,47Key Data ElementNPDES IDYYYICIS_PERMITPERMIT_IDPositions 1 and 2 must be a valid State or Tribal indicator.  Positions 3-9 must be a unique combination.19,40,41,44,45Key Data ElementPermitted Feature IDYYYICIS_PERM_FEATUREPERM_FEATURE_NMBRPadded with a trailing space if necessary.  Minimum number of 3 characters.19,44,45Key Data ElementPermitted Feature IDYYYICIS_PERM_FEATUREPERM_FEATURE_NMBRPadded with a trailing space if necessary.  Minimum number of 3 characters.36,39Limit SetAssociated Master General Category IDYYYICIS_PERM_FEATUREPERM_FEATURE_NMBRPadded with a trailing space if necessary.  Minimum number of 3 characters.34,35,36,37,38,39Limit SetLimit Set NameÊÊÊICIS_LIMIT_SETLIMIT_SET_NAMEÊ10,22,22A,12,14,15,16,17,24,24A,27,29Limit Set InformationDefault Months  Limit Set AppliesÊÊÊXREF_LIMIT_SET_MONTHMONTH_CODEMay be many months per limit set.10,11,13,14,15,16,17,12Limit Set InformationLimit Set DesignatorYYYICIS_LIMIT_SETLIMIT_SET_DESIGNATORNo special characters.33,33A,42A,43A,46A,47ALimit Set InformationMaster General Category IDYYYICIS_PERM_FEATUREPERM_FEATURE_NMBRPadded with a trailing space if necessary.  Minimum number of 3 characters.12,13,16,17,24,24A,25,29,30Limit Set InformationMaster General Category IDYYYICIS_PERM_FEATUREPERM_FEATURE_NMBRPadded with a trailing space if necessary.  Minimum number of 3 characters.10,11,12,13,14,15,16,17,22,22A,23,24,24A,25,27,28,29,30,24A,40A,41A,42A,43A,44A,45A,46A,47ALimit Set InformationNameÊÊÊICIS_LIMIT_SETLIMIT_SET_NAMEÊ26,31Limit Set InformationNameÊÊÊICIS_LIMIT_SETLIMIT_SET_NAMEÊ40A,41A,44A,45ALimit Set InformationPermitted Feature IDYYYICIS_PERM_FEATUREPERM_FEATURE_NMBRPadded with a trailing space if necessary.  Minimum number of 3 characters.10,11,14,15Limit Set InformationPermitted Feature IDYYYICIS_PERM_FEATUREPERM_FEATURE_NMBRPadded with a trailing space if necessary.  Minimum number of 3 characters.10,11,12,13,14,15,16,17,22,22A,23,24,24A,25,26,27,28,29,30,31,40A,41A,42A,43A,44A,45A,46A,47ALimit Set InformationTypeÊYÊREF_LIMIT_SET_TYPELIMIT_SET_TYPE_DESCValid values are:  Scheduled, Unscheduled.11,13,23,25,26,28,30,31,34,35,36,37,38,39,41,45,47,40A,41A,42A,43A,44A,45A,46ALimit Set Information/Limit SetDefault Months  Limit Set AppliesÊÊÊXREF_LIMIT_SET_MONTHMONTH_CODEMay be many months per limit set.22,22A,23,24,24A,25,26,27,28,29,30,31,32,32A,33,33A,34,35,36,37,39,40A,41A,42A,43A,44A,45A,46A,47ALimit Set Information/Limit SetLimit Set DesignatorYYYICIS_LIMIT_SETLIMIT_SET_DESIGNATORNo special characters.34,35,36,37,38,39Limit Set Information/Limit SetLimit Set TypeÊYÊREF_LIMIT_SET_TYPELIMIT_SET_TYPE_DESCValid values are:  Scheduled, Unscheduled.22,22A,23,26,27,28,31,32,32A,34,35,36,37,39,41,45Limit Set Information/Limit SetPermitted Feature IDYYYICIS_PERM_FEATUREPERM_FEATURE_NMBRPadded with a trailing space if necessary.  Minimum number of 3 characters.1,2,3,4,5List Limit SetsDesignatorYYYICIS_PERM_FEATURE, ICIS_LIMIT_SETPERM_FEATURE_NMBR||LIMIT_SET_DESIGNATORPermitted Feature Identifier:  Padded with a trailing space if necessary.  Minimum number of 3 characters.                                                                             Limit Set Designator:  No special characters.1,2,3,5List Limit SetsInitial DMR Due DateÊYYICIS_LIMIT_SETINITIAL_DMR_DUE_DATEBatch:  Valid format is ccyy-mm-dd.                                         Web:  Valid format is mm/dd/yy.1,2,3,4,5List Limit SetsLimit Set NameÊÊÊICIS_LIMIT_SETLIMIT_SET_NAMEÊ1,2,3,4,5List Limit SetsNumber ofReport UnitsÊYYICIS_LIMIT_SETNMBR_OF_REPORTMust be a whole number between 0 and 61.1,2,3,4,5List Limit SetsNumber ofSubmission UnitsÊYYICIS_LIMIT_SETNMBR_OF_SUBMISSIONMust be a whole number between 0 and 61.1,2,3,4,5List Limit SetsTypeÊYÊREF_LIMIT_SET_TYPELIMIT_SET_TYPE_DESCValid values are:  Scheduled, Unscheduled.22A,23,24A,25,28,30,11,17,15,13ScheduleModification Effective DateÊYYICIS_PERMITMOD_EFFECTIVE_DATEWeb:  Valid format mm/dd/yy;  Batch: Valid format is ccyy-mm-dd10,11,12,13,14,15,16,17,22,22A,23,24,24A,25,27,28,29,30,40A,41A,42A,43A,44A,45A,46A,47AScheduleNumber ofReport UnitsÊYYICIS_LIMIT_SETNMBR_OF_REPORTMust be a whole number between 0 and 61.26,31,34,35,36,37,38,39ScheduleNumber ofReport UnitsÊYYICIS_LIMIT_SETNMBR_OF_REPORTMust be a whole number between 0 and 61.10,11,12,13,22,22A,23,24,24A,25,40A,41A,42A,43A,44A,45A,46A,47AScheduleNumber ofSubmission UnitsÊYYICIS_LIMIT_SETNMBR_OF_SUBMISSIONMust be a whole number between 0 and 61.26,34,35,36,37,38,39ScheduleNumber ofSubmission UnitsÊYYICIS_LIMIT_SETNMBR_OF_SUBMISSIONMust be a whole number between 0 and 61.10,11,12,13,14,15,16,17,22,22A,23,24,25,26,27,28,29,30,31,34,35,36,37,38,39,40A,41A,42A.43A,44A,45A,46A,47AScheduleReport UnitsÊÊÊREF_REPORT_FREQUENCYREPORT_FREQUENCY_DESCValid value is Monthly.10,11,18,22,22A,23,26,40A,41A,44A,45ASchedule/ List Limit Sets/Add Edit Scheduled Limit Set DataInitial Monitoring DateÊYYICIS_LIMIT_SETINITIAL_MONITORING_DATEBatch:  Valid format is ccyy-mm-dd.                                         Web:  Valid format is mm/dd/yy.10,11,18,22,22A,23,26,34,36,37,39,40A,41A,44A,45ASchedule/Add Edit Scheduled Limit Set DataInitial DMR Due DateÊYYICIS_LIMIT_SETINITIAL_DMR_DUE_DATEBatch:  Valid format is ccyy-mm-dd.                                         Web:  Valid format is mm/dd/yy.1,2,3,34,36,37,39Schedule/List Limit SetsInitial Monitoring DateÊYYICIS_LIMIT_SETINITIAL_MONITORING_DATEBatch:  Valid format is ccyy-mm-dd.                                         Web:  Valid format is mm/dd/yy.6,7,8,9Select Limit Set TypeLimit Set TypeÊYÊREF_LIMIT_SET_TYPELIMIT_SET_TYPE_DESCValid values are:  Scheduled, Unscheduled.10,11,14,15,22,22A,23,26,27,28,31,34,36,37,39,40A,41A,44A,45AStatusEnd DateÊÊÊICIS_LIMIT_SET_STATUSSTATUS_END_DATEBatch:  Valid format is ccyy-mm-dd.                                         Web:  Valid format is mm/dd/yy.10,11,14,15,22,22A,23,26,27,28,31,40A,41A,44A,45AStatusReasonÊÊÊICIS_LIMIT_SET_STATUSSTATUS_CHANGE_REASON_TEXTÊ34,36,37,39StatusReasonÊÊÊICIS_LIMIT_SET_STATUSSTATUS_CHANGE_REASON_TEXTÊ10,11,14,15,22,22A,23,26,27,28,31,40A,41A,44A,45AStatusStart DateÊÊÊICIS_LIMIT_SET_STATUSSTATUS_START_DATEBatch:  Valid format is ccyy-mm-dd.                                         Web:  Valid format is mm/dd/yy.34,36,37,39StatusStart DateÊÊÊICIS_LIMIT_SET_STATUSSTATUS_START_DATEBatch:  Valid format is ccyy-mm-dd.                                         Web:  Valid format is mm/dd/yy.10,11,14,15,22,22A,23,26,27,28,31,40A,41A,44A,45AStatusStatusÊÊÊICIS_LIMIT_SET_STATUSSTATUS_FLAGValid values are:  A, I.34,36,37,39StatusStatusÊÊÊICIS_LIMIT_SET_STATUSSTATUS_FLAGValid values are:  A, I.10,11,12,13,14,15,16,17,22,22A,23,24,24A,25,26,27,28,29,30,31,40A,41A,42A,43A,44A,45A,46A,47AUser Defined Fields1ÊÊÊICIS_LIMIT_SETUDF1Ê34,35,36,37,38,39User Defined Fields1ÊÊÊICIS_LIMIT_SETUDF1Ê10,11,12,13,14,15,16,17,22,22A,23,24,24A,25,26,27,28,29,30,31,40A,41A,42A,43A,44A,45A,46A,47AUser Defined Fields2ÊÊÊICIS_LIMIT_SETUDF2Ê34,35,36,37,38,39User Defined Fields2ÊÊÊICIS_LIMIT_SETUDF2Ê26.31,36,39User Defined FieldsMaster 1ÊÊÊICIS_LIMIT_SETUDF1Ê26.31,36,39User Defined FieldsMaster 2ÊÊÊICIS_LIMIT_SETUDF2Ê
5.   ENTITY RELATIONSHIP DIAGRAM (ERD)The Entity Relationship Diagram (ERD) depicts the tables and columns in the database and the relationships between them.  The following ERD depicts the tables in the Limit Sets module.Figure 6-1:  Limit Sets ERDOFFICE OF ENFORCEMENT AND COMPLIANCE ASSURANCE	OFFICE OF ENFORCEMENT AND COMPLIANCE ASSURANCE	2	ICISÐNPDES Data Migration Plan - ICISÐNPDES Data Migration Plan - 	2..	OFFICE OF ENFORCEMENT AND COMPLIANCE ASSURANCEOFFICE OF ENFORCEMENT AND COMPLIANCE ASSURANCE	iv	ICISÐNPDES Data Migration Plan ICIS Limit Sets Technical Specification	51-2	ICISÐNPDES Data Migration Plan OFFICE OF ENFORCEMENT AND COMPLIANCE ASSURANCE	ICIS Limit Sets Technical Specification	57OFFICE OF ENFORCEMENT AND COMPLIANCE ASSURANCE	ICIS Limit Sets Technical Specification	59